Added support for automatic deployment (#5)
dcs4cop/xcube-geodb-openeo: how-to-deploy.md

> # xcube-geodb-openeo deployment

Reviewer: I think this whole how-to-deploy should not be part of the public repo, as it contains very specific internal information. Please move to https://github.com/bcdev/service-eurodatacube/tree/master/howtos and create a new directory for how_to_xcube_geodb_openeo

Author: Done and made a respective PR!

- runs the unit-level tests
- builds a docker image using the steps
    1) check out (of xcube-geodb-openeo)
    2) get tag of release or branch to set it to the docker image
    3) retrieve the version of geoDB-openEO
    4) deployment phase (dev/stage/prod/ignore), to determine if docker image
       actually shall be built
    5) Build docker image
        - name: `bcdev/xcube-geodb-openeo-server`, tag: fetched in previous
          step 2
- Uploads docker image to [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/bcdev/xcube-geodb-openeo-server)
    - uses
        - `secrets.QUAY_REG_USERNAME`
        - `secrets.QUAY_REG_PASSWORD`
- can be configured with the following variables:
    - `SKIP_UNITTESTS:` "0" or "1"; if set to "1", unit tests are skipped
    - `FORCE_DOCKER_BUILD`: "1"; if set to "1", a docker image will be built and
      uploaded to quay.io, regardless of the tag or release
- The GH action does no change on the helm chart. This may be added later.

### Dockerfile

The Dockerfile is based on miniconda. It
1) activates the base environment
2) clones the xcube-GitHub repository
3) checks out the branch that contains the server
4) and installs it into the base environment

> 5) then installs the current repository, i.e. xcube-geodb-openeo, into the base

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5) then installs the current Python package `xcube-geodb-openeo` from sources, into the base
```

However, see above. This should only be done from defined GitHub releases/tags.

   environment

In its `CMD` call, it passes the file `/etc/config/config.yml` to the starting
server.

### Helm chart

> The helm chart for the xcube-geodb-openeo-server is located in [k8s-configs](https://github.com/bc-org/k8s-configs/tree/thomas_xxx_add-geodb-openeo/xcube-geodb-openeo/helm).

Reviewer: Please remember: once the PR for thomas_xxx_add-geodb-openeo is merged, you need to ajust the path

Author: Thanks!
